docs: update contributing guidelines for clarity and structure (#5017)
bytecodealliance/wasm-micro-runtime: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to WAMR

We welcome bug reports, fixes, tests, documentation, and feature proposals.

## Before You Start

> - Use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/wasm-micro-runtime/wasm-micro-runtime/issues) to report bugs and discuss substantial changes before implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always start by creating a [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/wasm-micro-runtime/wasm-micro-runtime/issues). You can use these to report bugs and to discuss related fixes, suggest new tests, improvements to documentation, and to discuss feature proposals before implementation. 
```
